# Automatic Window Switcher
Have you ever felt the need for a device that can change the desktop window for you whenever danger is in proximity(yes, a boon for gamers :) )? Perhaps you might have seen such devices in videos, and wished you would have it. Well, you have come to the right place, cause I am gonna giveaway a million of those….just kidding, rather I would like to enlighten you on how to make it YOURSELF. 
So, let's rephrase what we want. We desire to make a device that would change the desktop window whenever some sensor(placed remotely) detects an object. We need some microprocessor for processing the output of the sensor. The sensor may be ultrasonic/infrared(we will be using ultrasonic) sensors, and our dear arduino for microprocessor. Further we have to upload our code to arduino, to implement our logic. The code for motion detector can be found in "Motion_detector" script.(Note that we are printing something in the serial monitor which will be read by the python script running in the computer)
So, the object detection is taken care of. Let’s move to the next part, shifting the window. This seems to be complicated, but worry not guys…..we have our saviour python. So there are libraries in python which can establish communication between python script and arduino(“pyserial” is one of them). Once we have that, all we have to do is shift the window, which can be super easily done using the library “pyautogui”, for automation of key-pressing and making clicks. For detailed construction and other information, refer the following document:
Reference: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1xGzVM4lpS-wIPlpK6cwAaFOPLwNTQpl52pZMVe3wpHg/edit?usp=sharing
